README.md, before:

# ALL KINDS OF WEB DEV LINKS

This is a list of links I am compiling as I learn Front-End Web Development.

## General FEND

- [Submarine Cable Map](https://www.submarinecablemap.com/)
- [The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/1661)
- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [DevDocs](https://devdocs.io/)
- [Emmet Cheat Sheet](https://docs.emmet.io/cheat-sheet)
- [FileFormat.Info](http://www.fileformat.info/info/charset/UTF-8/list.htm)
- [Mojibake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mojibake)
- [Unicode Character Table (Emoji)](https://unicode-table.com/en/sets/emoji/)
- [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer...](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/)
- [The Wiki Game](https://www.thewikigame.com/)
- [Stanford HTML Cheat Sheet](https://web.stanford.edu/group/csp/cs21/htmlcheatsheet.pdf)
- [Interactive Resume of Pascal van Gemert](http://www.pascalvangemert.nl/#/profile)
- [TRANSLATING CLIENT-SPEAK: AN INFOGRAPHIC](http://platowebdesign.com/articles/translating-client-speak-infographic/)
- [Web Design in 4 minutes](https://jgthms.com/web-design-in-4-minutes/)
- [Internet Explorer is EVIL!](http://toastytech.com/evil/)
- [Mobile Friendly Test](https://search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly)
- [Lambsoft mobile friendly test](http://home.global.co.za/~lambsoft/)
- [Code Golf](https://codegolf.stackexchange.com/)
- [three.js](https://threejs.org/)

## Code Editing Playgrounds

- [CodePen](https://codepen.io)
- [CodePlay](https://www.codeply.com/)

## Sample Sites

- [Sean Halpin](http://seanhalpin.io/)

## Advanced

- [Getting Started with Material Design for Bootstrap](https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/react/getting-started/download/)
- [Arrow Functions in JavaScript](https://tylermcginnis.com/arrow-functions/)

## Maps

- [Geocoder Tools](https://google-developers.appspot.com/maps/documentation/utils/geocoder/)

## Userful Things

- [Random User Generator](https://randomuser.me/)

## CSS

- [CSS Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference)
- [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value)
- [CSS Default Styles](https://www.w3schools.com/csSref/css_default_values.asp)
- [Waaark](https://waaark.com/)
- [Species in Pieces](http://www.species-in-pieces.com/)
- [How to Center in CSS](http://howtocenterincss.com/)
- [Basic CSS Box Model Demo](http://markusvogl.com/web1/interactive_box_model/css_box_demo.html)
- [CSS3 Button Generator](https://www.designrush.com/resources/css3buttongenerator)
- [CSS function to rotate an image](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/rotate)
- [Twitter Character Counter](http://www.twitter-character-counter.com/)
- [CSS Autoprefixer](https://autoprefixer.github.io/)

## Bootstrap

- [Bootsnipp](https://bootsnipp.com/)

## JavaScript

- [2018 - State of JS](https://2018.stateofjs.com/)
- [Storybook JS](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Principles of Writing Consistent, Idiomatic JavaScript](https://github.com/rwaldron/idiomatic.js)
- [Stanford Karel IDE](http://stanford.edu/~cpiech/karel/ide.html)

---

## Color

- [Color Hunt](https://colorhunt.co/palette/136330)

## Icons

- [Emojipedia](https://emojipedia.org/)
- [Favicon](https://www.favicon.cc/)
- [LineIcons](https://lineicons.com/)

## Fonts & Text

- [CSS WebSafe Fonts](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css_websafe_fonts.asp)
- [CSS Font Stack](https://www.cssfontstack.com/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- [Lorem Ipsum Generator](https://loremipsum.io/)
- [Lorem Ipsum Generator](http://lorem-ipsum.perbang.dk/)

## Stock Images

- [FlatIcon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- [Giphy](https://giphy.com/)

### Inspiration

- [Awwwards](https://www.awwwards.com/websites/clean/)
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/shots/1059004-close-web)
- [Dribble](https://dribbble.com/shots/3633206-Boatrip-landing-page)
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/shots/3396248-RevContent-Home)

### WireFrame & Mockup

- [UI Patterns](http://ui-patterns.com/)
- [SketchApp](https://www.sketchapp.com/)
- [SneakPeekIt](http://sneakpeekit.com/)
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.cloud/)
- [Draw](https://www.draw.io/)

### Git

- [Git Explorer](http://gitexplorer.com/)

Commit message:

Added Easing Functions link to see the acceleration properties in a curve

README.md, after:

# ALL KINDS OF WEB DEV LINKS

This is a list of links I am compiling as I learn Front-End Web Development.

## General FEND

- [Submarine Cable Map](https://www.submarinecablemap.com/)
- [The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes by Arthur Conan Doyle](http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/1661)
- [MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/)
- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)
- [DevDocs](https://devdocs.io/)
- [Emmet Cheat Sheet](https://docs.emmet.io/cheat-sheet)
- [FileFormat.Info](http://www.fileformat.info/info/charset/UTF-8/list.htm)
- [Mojibake](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mojibake)
- [Unicode Character Table (Emoji)](https://unicode-table.com/en/sets/emoji/)
- [The Absolute Minimum Every Software Developer...](https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2003/10/08/the-absolute-minimum-every-software-developer-absolutely-positively-must-know-about-unicode-and-character-sets-no-excuses/)
- [The Wiki Game](https://www.thewikigame.com/)
- [Stanford HTML Cheat Sheet](https://web.stanford.edu/group/csp/cs21/htmlcheatsheet.pdf)
- [Interactive Resume of Pascal van Gemert](http://www.pascalvangemert.nl/#/profile)
- [TRANSLATING CLIENT-SPEAK: AN INFOGRAPHIC](http://platowebdesign.com/articles/translating-client-speak-infographic/)
- [Web Design in 4 minutes](https://jgthms.com/web-design-in-4-minutes/)
- [Internet Explorer is EVIL!](http://toastytech.com/evil/)
- [Mobile Friendly Test](https://search.google.com/test/mobile-friendly)
- [Lambsoft mobile friendly test](http://home.global.co.za/~lambsoft/)
- [Code Golf](https://codegolf.stackexchange.com/)
- [three.js](https://threejs.org/)

## Code Editing Playgrounds

- [CodePen](https://codepen.io)
- [CodePlay](https://www.codeply.com/)

## Sample Sites

- [Sean Halpin](http://seanhalpin.io/)

## Advanced

- [Getting Started with Material Design for Bootstrap](https://mdbootstrap.com/docs/react/getting-started/download/)
- [Arrow Functions in JavaScript](https://tylermcginnis.com/arrow-functions/)

## Maps

- [Geocoder Tools](https://google-developers.appspot.com/maps/documentation/utils/geocoder/)

## Userful Things

- [Random User Generator](https://randomuser.me/)

## CSS

- [CSS Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference)
- [CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value)
- [CSS Default Styles](https://www.w3schools.com/csSref/css_default_values.asp)
- [Waaark](https://waaark.com/)
- [Species in Pieces](http://www.species-in-pieces.com/)
- [How to Center in CSS](http://howtocenterincss.com/)
- [Basic CSS Box Model Demo](http://markusvogl.com/web1/interactive_box_model/css_box_demo.html)
- [CSS3 Button Generator](https://www.designrush.com/resources/css3buttongenerator)
- [CSS function to rotate an image](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/transform-function/rotate)
- [Twitter Character Counter](http://www.twitter-character-counter.com/)
- [CSS Autoprefixer](https://autoprefixer.github.io/)
- [Pleeese Autoprefixer](http://pleeease.io/play/)
- [Easing functions: specify the rate of change of a parameter over time](https://easings.net/en)

## Bootstrap

- [Bootsnipp](https://bootsnipp.com/)

## JavaScript

- [2018 - State of JS](https://2018.stateofjs.com/)
- [Storybook JS](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Principles of Writing Consistent, Idiomatic JavaScript](https://github.com/rwaldron/idiomatic.js)
- [Stanford Karel IDE](http://stanford.edu/~cpiech/karel/ide.html)

---

## Color

- [Color Hunt](https://colorhunt.co/palette/136330)

## Icons

- [Emojipedia](https://emojipedia.org/)
- [Favicon](https://www.favicon.cc/)
- [LineIcons](https://lineicons.com/)

## Fonts & Text

- [CSS WebSafe Fonts](https://www.w3schools.com/cssref/css_websafe_fonts.asp)
- [CSS Font Stack](https://www.cssfontstack.com/)
- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)
- [Lorem Ipsum Generator](https://loremipsum.io/)
- [Lorem Ipsum Generator](http://lorem-ipsum.perbang.dk/)

## Stock Images

- [FlatIcon](https://www.flaticon.com/)
- [Giphy](https://giphy.com/)

### Inspiration

- [Awwwards](https://www.awwwards.com/websites/clean/)
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/shots/1059004-close-web)
- [Dribble](https://dribbble.com/shots/3633206-Boatrip-landing-page)
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/shots/3396248-RevContent-Home)

### WireFrame & Mockup

- [UI Patterns](http://ui-patterns.com/)
- [SketchApp](https://www.sketchapp.com/)
- [SneakPeekIt](http://sneakpeekit.com/)
- [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.cloud/)
- [Draw](https://www.draw.io/)

### Git

- [Git Explorer](http://gitexplorer.com/)
